[[Daily Journal/Daily Journal]]

My wife came down with a fever. I learned that I may be laid off by Feburary. I got stood up for an another job interview. It's too hot inside and energy prices are too high. House prices are too damn high, and any resemblence of owning a home in San Diego, on top of paying for a $40,000 wedding in 6 months all seems to be compounding into a not so great feeling.

On top of that, everybody wants to do something, or invite us somewhere, or throw a wedding for us to join at and have us purchase gifts for; Or, it's somebody's birthday, special ocassion, or some other event that needs us in attendance. There always seems to be alcohol and additional costs involved too (food, transportation, activities) - and the drawbacks that come with some of those: hangovers.

Oh, you ask what I want? I want to be in a quiet neighborhood. I'd like to live sober and reserve drinking beer for camping or hanging with family on the ocassional weekend. I'd like to have a backyard I can sit in, listen to the birds, drink cofee, and work remotely. I'd like to have a well paying job with a steady income, so that I can feel like an actual provider. I'd rather not have to venmo request my wife for every single thing that I didn't budget for, after a whim of a decision on eating out, or purchasing some clothes. 

I'd like to have a consistent workout routine, nothing crazy, but enough to keep me in shape. I'd like to have dedicated alone time every day, for practicing guitar and jamming out. I'd like to help support my wife more for her school projects (hint, she's a new teacher that started a couple of months ago.) I'd like to spend quality time with her, going on walks with a dog we don't own yet, have the time and money to go on the ocassional weekend date, and feel like we are not struggling through one thing after another.

Having a house, I'd like to be OK with having family stay with us, for any amount of time we'd like. I'd like a shared space where we can have guests and also be alone together, but I'd also like my personal dedicated work and study space. I'd like to be the one to host for my family for once in my life, and to be more thoughtful about the gifts that I give to them, and to friends. Actually, I should say just giving gifts in general, which I often relied on having my parents add my name to a card.

I'd like a more comfortable car, one that has windows tinted, is automatic, is a gas saver, and has plenty of space for guests and cargo. I actually felt embarrased when I recently had to give a ride to a couple of Adriana's friends, when we could all barely fit in the little Chevy, with their belongings.

I hate that the theme of this daily journal is so depressing, but that's just a little bit of how I have been feeling lately: that is **lacking** or **unaccomplished**. I know I have a lot to be thankful for, but sometimes it's too easy to compare my life with others my age or younger, and see how well, accomplished, or succesfull they are. I know not everything in life will always be flowers and sunshines, but sometimes I feel like my expectations are too high. If I don't receive a certain level of love, attention, money, acknowledgement, it can really just damper emotions and leave me with a nasty attitude.

Oh well.